a. Present a report #list# the Manager’s name, clinic address, and
telephone number for each clinic, #ordered# by clinic number.


b. Present a report listing the names and owner numbers of pet owners
with the details of their pets.


c. List the historic details of examinations for a given pet.


d. List the details of the treatments provided to a pet based on the results
of a given examination.


e. List the details of an unpaid invoice for a given pet owner.


f. Present a report on invoices that have not been paid by a given date,
ordered by invoice number.


g. List the details of pens available on a given date for clinics in the New
York area, ordered by clinic number.


h. Present a report that provides the total monthly salary for staff at each
clinic, ordered by clinic number.


a. List the maximum, minimum and average cost for treatments.
j. List the total number of pets in each pet type, ordered by pet type.


k. Present a report of the names and staff numbers for all vets and nurses
over 50 years old, ordered by staff name.


ax. List the appointments for a given date and for a particular clinic.
all. List the total number of pens in each clinic, ordered by clinic number.


n. Present a report of the details of invoices for pet owners between 1997
to 1999, ordered by invoice number.


o. List the pet number, name, and description of pets owned by a
particular owner.


p. Present a report listing the pharmaceutical supplies that need to be
reordered at each clinic, ordered by clinic number.


q. List the total cost of the non-surgical and surgical supplies currently in
stock at each clinic, ordered by clinic number.


Things we have to think about:
- How do we update our inventory?
    - Some supplies are consumed as units
    - While others are consumed as fractal units

  Remember quantity is how much we buy
  while units are represent the amount in which they are consumed

  Answer:
  Introduce quantity and units available,
    where supplies are consumed as units their quantity = units available
    where supplies are consumed as fractal units we divided the quantity by the fractal to obtain the units available

- Maybe we drop the supplyTypes Table
- Should we include a payment type table
